**Privacy Policy**

Danil Garmanov built the Photo Jackal app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Danil Garmanov at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

The only function of the Service is to allow users to lower quality of their images, and therefore the Service requests images to be provided. The provided images are retained on your device and are not collected by me in any way.

**Service Providers**

I do not use any third-party companies or individuals to provide any service.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing your Personal Information in form of Images.
The Service does not send the Images (or any other data) anywher through the Internet, but the Images are stored locally in a private Service directory in order for them to be processed by the Service (for their quality to be decreased).
The Private Directory function is provided by the Android OS and should be considered robust, but remember that no method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. I encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's device usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Service without their permission.
If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to the Service you can simply delete the Service from your device - since no data is send to the Internet, all provided personally identifiable information will be deleted together with the Service.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2024-02-05

**Contact Me**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at danil.garmanov@protonmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at https://privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/, and I am very thankful to this nice service.